\input texinfo
@setfilename developers_guide_ja.info
@documentlanguage ja
@documentencoding utf-8
@settitle AdLint 3.2.8 開発者ガイド

@copying
Copyright (C) 2010-2014, OGIS-RI Co.,Ltd.
@end copying

@titlepage
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@contents

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top 導入
@end ifnottex

@unnumberedsec ライセンス
Copyright (C) 2010-2014, OGIS-RI Co.,Ltd.

AdLint is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

AdLint is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with AdLint.  If not, see <@uref{http://www.gnu.org/licenses/}>.

@unnumberedsec 開発環境
@multitable @columnfractions .1 .1 .3
@headitem 名称 @tab バージョン @tab 用途
@item @uref{http://www.ruby-lang.org/, Ruby}
@tab @code{2.1.0p0}
@tab ベースとなる実装言語
@item @uref{http://rubyforge.org/projects/racc/, Racc}
@tab @code{1.4.10}
@tab 構文解析器の生成
@item @uref{http://rspec.info/, RSpec}
@tab @code{2.14.7}
@tab 単体仕様の記述と回帰テスト
@item @uref{http://cukes.info/, Cucumber}
@tab @code{1.3.10}
@tab 機能仕様の記述と回帰テスト
@end multitable

@unnumberedsec 文書化環境
利用者ガイド、開発者ガイドなどの文書化には
@uref{http://www.gnu.org/software/texinfo/, GNU Texinfo} を使用する。

@unnumberedsec コーディング規約
Ruby 言語コードの整形は、@uref{http://shugo.net/ruby-codeconv/codeconv.html} に
従う。ただし、@code{return} は原則として使用しない。

Ruby 言語ソースを含む全てのテキストファイルは UTF-8 でエンコードし、改行文字は
LF とする。

@unnumberedsec 目次
@menu
* アーキテクチャ:Architecture.
* 略語一覧:Abbreviation.
* 索引:Index.
@end menu

@node Architecture
@chapter アーキテクチャ

追記予定。


@node Abbreviation
@chapter 略語一覧

@verbatim
object                 -> obj
variable               -> var
function               -> fun
value                  -> val
expression             -> expr
interpreter            -> interp
array                  -> ary
pointer                -> ptr
subscript              -> subs
alignment              -> align
declaration            -> dcl
declarator             -> dcr
definition             -> def
enumerator             -> enum
member                 -> memb
element                -> elem
original               -> orig
converted              -> conved
conversion             -> conv
arithmetic             -> arith
alternative            -> alt
manipulator            -> manip
sequence-point         -> seqp
operator               -> op
initializer            -> init
source                 -> src
destination            -> dst
translation-unit       -> tunit
parameter              -> param
constant               -> const
specifier              -> spec
controlling            -> ctrl
reference              -> ref
dereference            -> deref
statement              -> stmt
controlling-expression -> ctrlexpr
option                 -> opt
options                -> opts
first                  -> fst
second                 -> snd
last                   -> lst
location               -> loc
composite              -> cmp
identifier             -> id
substitute             -> sub
indirection            -> ind
category               -> cat
severity               -> sev
complement             -> comp
message                -> msg
metric                 -> met
package                -> pkg
representation         -> rep
assignment             -> assign
literal                -> lit
directive              -> dire
count                  -> cnt
signature              -> sig
suppress               -> supp
version                -> ver
storage-class          -> sc
command                -> cmd
file-path              -> fpath
directory-path         -> dpath
length                 -> len
content                -> cont
context                -> ctxt
exception              -> ex
template               -> tmpl
format                 -> fmt
return                 -> ret
current                -> cur
replacement            -> repl
index                  -> idx
modifier               -> mod
environment            -> env
precision              -> prec
cyclomatic-complexity  -> cycle_compl
token                  -> tok
next                   -> nxt
encoding               -> enc
annotation             -> annot
pathname               -> path
user                   -> usr
system                 -> sys
new-line               -> nl
table                  -> tbl
abstract-syntax-tree   -> ast
pattern                -> ptn
condition              -> cond
collector              -> col
branch                 -> br
function-call          -> funcall
program                -> prog
address                -> addr
memory                 -> mem
window                 -> win
anonymous              -> anon
qualifier              -> qual
symbol                 -> sym
candidate              -> cand
terminator             -> term
initiator              -> init
selection              -> sel
global-variable        -> gvar
record                 -> rec
referrer               -> ref
cross-reference        -> xref
monitor                -> mon
iteration              -> iter
local-variable         -> lvar
previous               -> prv
operation              -> op
extractor              -> extr
enclosure              -> encl
relational             -> relat
equality               -> equal
logical-and            -> land
logical-or             -> lor
relationship           -> relat
prototype              -> proto
termination            -> term
result                 -> rslt
operand                -> ope
domain                 -> dom
qualified              -> qualed
error                  -> err
project                -> proj
temporary              -> tmp
referrer-function      -> ref_fun
sample                 -> smpl
representative         -> repr
descendant             -> desc
transition             -> trans
contributor            -> contrib
positive               -> pos
negative               -> neg
evidence               -> evid
traversal              -> trav
increment              -> inc
decrement              -> dec
prefix-increment       -> preinc
prefix-decrement       -> predec
postfix-increment      -> pstinc
postfix-decrement      -> pstdec
string-literal         -> strlit
compound-literal       -> complit
exclusive-or           -> xor
inclusive-or           -> ior
@end verbatim


@node Index
@unnumbered 索引
@printindex cp

@bye

@c vim:sw=2:sts=2:et:tw=79:fo+=mM:
